adds blockchain addresses (#35)
0xPolygonID/tutorials: mkdocs/docs/contracts/overview.md

<a href="https://github.com/0xPolygonID/contracts" target="_blank">**Polygon ID Smart Contracts - Github**</a>

## Blockchain addresses

> For situations where one needs to publish data on the blockchain, such as creating a signature-type credential and generating on-chain proof, it is important to have the Smart Contracts addresses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For situations where one needs to publish data on the blockchain, such as creating a mtp-type credential, generating on-chain proofs and make credential revocations effective, it is important to have the Smart Contracts addresses:
```
